Methods in Java:
    Is just a collection of java statements and blocks of code like if else loop printlns etc.
Why should we learn about methods:
    1) It allows us to simply code as we can divide the logic into smaller parts by creating
    methods for them build those methods one by one and later on combine them to
    build the complete application.
    2) Methods allow us to re-use code.
    3) Methods allow us to be flexible.
How can we create Methods?
    There are two types built-in and user defined.
Built-in methods:
    The methods which are designed by Java developers for example the println(),
    nextInt() method in the scanner class length() present in String class they are all
    built-in methods.
User Defined Methods:
    They methods that we write.
Methods which return something when called and others are methods which do not return anything
when called.

int add (int a, int b){
return a+b;
}
int => return type of method
add => name of the method
(int a, int b) => parameters of the method or the input to the method
{  => body of the method
}
Rules:
    return type and the values that we are returning from a method should match
    we can only assign methods to variables of same type.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

There are tree types of variables respect to their scope
Local variables:
    if a variable is created inside a block of code like a method, loop, if condition etc.
    they are called local variables.
Upside:
    local variables occupy the memory for the shortest period of time. you should always
    try to write code with the help of local variables
Downside:
    they can't be accessed outside the block in which they are created. they have very limited scope
Instance variables:
    all the variables which are created inside a class but outside of methods are
    called instance variables.
Upside:
    we can use them in all the instance methods of that class. their scope is larger than local variables.
Downside:
    they will stay longer in the memory as compared to local variables. slowly
Static variables:
    all variables which are outside of methods and have the 'static' keyword are called static variables.
